Hi,as you know from the name of my blog my name is Kadira! And this post is about my life and how I got to McKinney! Its very hard to lose something or someone you love.I lost both of them, or as I say, all of them. I lost all of my friends and I lost the school I loved. I felt appreciated. I felt loved. But all those feeling suddenly went away after I moved from Terrell to McKinney. I started feeling these feelings I have never felt before. I felt depressed. I felt anxious. I didnt know what these feelings were. I always felt rejected and in pain. I was at my worst time. I started to cut. I felt worthless and hopeless. Thats when i told my parents. I told them how I felt and what I was feeling.

I finally went into the hospital. And I was there for about a week. It didnt exactly go well. I felt trapped and induced. And I didnt know what to do. After I got out I felt better, but not well. I couldnt express or phrase things well. I would always be out of control.....in a way. I would jump to conclusions and lash out. I finally went into the hospital again. And while I was in the hospital the second time I was lying about how I felt. I was still in a bad place at that time. 

I wouldnt say I went into the hospital a third time. I would personally count it as the same time. So I went back into the hospital after that BIG white lie. And I could say I was better for a year or more. Then came this rush or storm of sadness and anxiety. After a little bit I couldnt handle it anymore. I went into the hospital AGAIN. I really focused on myself and learned the best from others. I learned from  the people I really loved. I learned and found the best of myself. I knew I could make it. I knew I would make it to highsschool and live a great life after that by loving myself and others.Then I came to here. The one person who really inspired me in that hospital was Mr. Charlie. #WWMCS stands for 'What would Mr. Charlie say." He was there for all of us. Always inspiring us and making us feel better about ourselves.

I felt alive, well, and happy. I felt loved and appreciated. Just like I did in Terrell. I now have a lost friend. but she will always be in my memory. I love her so much. I thought I would never lose her. But I did. And thats ok. Just keep moving and learn to love yourself and others. Thanks for listening. Goodnight y'all!
